[docs] Added instruction on installing development build with EAS CLI (#27716)
expo/expo: docs/pages/develop/development-builds/share-with-your-team.mdx

  src="/static/images/share-dev-build/expo-dashboard.png"
/>

> ### Get development build with EAS CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use EAS CLI
```

Since this whole document talks about development build. We can just say that this section is about using EAS CLI.

> Your teammate can also download and install the development build using EAS CLI.
> Make sure to sign in to the Expo Account associated with the app before running the command.
> 
> <Terminal cmd={['$ eas build:run --profile development']} />
> 
> Change the build profile if you define a different name for the development build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your teammate can also download and install the development build using EAS CLI. They have to make sure that they are signed from the Expo account associated with the development build and then can run the following command:

<Terminal cmd={['$ eas build:run --profile development']} />

If the profile name for the development build is different from `development`, use it instead with `--profile`.
```

Let's expand the instructions on this section to add more clarity.
